Mention API and link to swagger (#65)
crate/cloud-reference: docs/api.rst

===
API
===

> Similarly to Croud, we offer API to allow programmatic access to our Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to Croud, we offer an API to allow programmatic access to our Cloud
```

> products. API is operated using a key and a secret. These can be created in

Reviewer 2: I would perhaps phrase it as "The API can be accessed by generating a key and secret in your account page"

your account page:

.. image:: _assets/img/create-api-key.png
   :alt: Cloud Console New Api Key

Click the *Generate new key* button to create your key. A popup with your
key and secret will appear. Make sure to store your secret safely, as you

> cannot access it again. 

Reviewer 2: I would also add that the key and secret can be used as HTTP Basic Auth credentials when calling the API. Maybe even worth giving an example:
```shell
$ curl -s -u $your_key:$your_secret https://console.cratedb.cloud/api/v2/users/me/
{"email":"some@example.com","hmac":"...","is_superuser":false,"name":"Some User","organization_id":"123","status":"active","uid":"uid","username":"some@example.com"}
```

Examples
--------

Our API is documented with `Swagger`_. It contains endpoints for:

- Organizations
- Regions
- Projects
- Clusters
- Products
- Users
- Roles
- Subscriptions
- Audit logs
- Metadata

> - Free trial credits

Reviewer 2: I would perhaps not list Free trial credits and metadata here, even though they are available - they do not make much sense to the user :)
